Frog went according, my name is Jake Burke.
Frog went according, he did ride his orders to go to his side, mhm.
Wait, he went in his mouth's hole, mhm.
Way he went to Miss Mouse's home, killed a door bolt and all finna fall.
Says, Miss Mouse, are you within?
Yes, within, I sit and sin.
Raise a latch and do walk in.
Down he sat all by her side.
Down he sat all by her side, says, Miss Mouse.
Not without a rat consent, not without a rat consent, would I with the president?
May the rat both laugh and smile, may the rat both laugh and smile, I think his niece would be a guy.
Probably when sailing over the brook, probably when sailing over the brook, he's a preacher and his book.
What shall the wedding supper be?
Where shall the wedding supper be?
Way down yonder in a horror stream.
What shall the wedding supper be?
Slice of cake and a cup of tea.
First come in with a big black bug.
First come in was a big fat bug with his bottle and his coat.
Nake's come in was Mr. Flea.
Nake's come in was Mr. Flea with a fiddle on his knee.
Nake's come in was Major Tick.
He ate so much that it made him sick.
Off they sent for Dr. Fly.
Swore by George that Tick would die.